Update LSIF documentation and associated CI workflows (#10138)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/code_intelligence/languages.md

> # Languages

Reviewer: It may be useful to put these on different pages and have an index point to each one. I can see this page getting pretty long.

Author: Left it on one page to maintain PR comment continuity, will split out before merging.

> - [Golang](#Golang)

Reviewer: Do we have something in our handbook about whether to use Go over Golang?

Author: we should have lint rules for things like this, is there an existing linter I could add that to?

Reviewer 2: That would be amazing to have in our docs! I don't know if we already have that - fantastic idea! cc @ryan-blunden

Author: made the style changes, going to wait til we answer the linting question to resolve

- [TypeScript and JavaScript](#TypeScript-and-JavaScript)

# Golang

## Manual indexing

> Install [lsif-go](https://github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-go) with `go get github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-go/cmd/lsif-go` and ensure it's on your path.

Reviewer 2: What do you think about making these numbered steps?

Author: done

Install [src-cli](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli) with
```console
curl -L https://sourcegraph.com/.api/src-cli/src_linux_amd64 -o /usr/local/bin/src
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/src
```

> OSX users can replace `linux` with `darwin` in the URL, and by replacing the endpoint with the Sourcegraph instance you intend to upload to you can guarantee tool compatibility. See the above linked repo for more info and Windows instructions.

Reviewer 2: I would make these sub-bullet points so they stand out
```suggestion
- OSX: replace `linux` with `darwin` in the URL.
- Windows: See the [lsif-go](https://github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-go) repository for Windows instructions.
- To ensure compatibility with your Sourcegraph instance: Replace `https://sourcegraph.com` in the above `curl` command with the URL of the Sourcegraph instance you intend to upload your LSIF data to.
```

Author: done

Now `cd` into your Go project's root (where the go.mod file lives, if you have one) and run the following:
```console
lsif-go # generates a file named dump.lsif
# for private instances

> src -endpoint=$SRC_ENDPOINT lsif upload

Reviewer 2: Where do I find where SRC_ENDPOINT is defined? Do I need to define it or replace that with something else?

Reviewer: These settings can also be supplied via config files, FYI @gbrik

Author: My impression is that the config option is mostly useful for us (since we work with multiple different instances with different authentication) so I left it out for simplicity. It would only really be necessary for people running private instances with `lsifEnforceAuth` enabled which is no one?

Made it more clear that these are placeholders.

# for public instances
src lsif upload -github-token=$GITHUB_TOKEN
```

> To upload LSIF data to the public sourcegraph.com instance, you must prove ownership of the repository with a GitHub token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upload LSIF data to the public Sourcegraph.com instance, you must prove ownership of the repository with a GitHub token.
```

Author: done
